you
hi folks the mighty jingles here once
again with my World of Tanks replays I
know I keep blathering on about this
tank but here it is again the AMX m4
1945 tier 7 French heavy tank absolutely
paper for armor in this game tier 10
tear 9 match absolutely everything on
the enemy team can penetrate my tank
from any angle they choose to shoot at
it so how am I going to be of use to my
team in this game
well let's see what do we have going for
us we could take a couple of hits 12
we've got a very good gun it's children
12 on the penetration
we can't hurt every single one of these
tax images shoot for the right
it's a very good penetration very high
awesome girl very actress so we're going
to be a sniper protect the planar type
that's probably what the m4 compares
best to the tiger tank you play in much
the same way whereas except with the
tiger it does kind of have the armor
that in certain circumstances you can
you can go toe-to-toe with a big boys
but it's a last resort certainly in the
game on this I was driving the tiger I
wouldn't be on anywhere near that is for
Patton t54 well anything anything off
from the halfway up the team list to the
top blow but anything else forget it so
yeah nice juicy target air pattern
I heard him pretty well did that second
shot here demo might miss my past my
head can tell this piano range now I'm
pretty sure I haven't been spotted to
you nothing has gotten close enough I
think the actual spotting was going on
from these fellas over here they spot
the Thomas no shooting it if anything
were to get sort of this far up the
field
I would I would move because I guarantee
I would hadn't spotted them and I really
don't want to take any hits from a GW
target but for the moment were quite
safe now we're taking our shots where we
can we're helping the team out to do
what we can do to influence the outcome
of the match and that's certainly in
this tank is not charging up the hill on
north west corner and go toe-to-toe with
their eyes form because that would just
be stupid
so well there's a t54 these dispute all
right so speed things up a little until
something happens this is definitely a
hostile environment
okay v1s get shot miss and now I know
we've been spotted
so yeah I don't want to hang around
let's let's get out
sure enough Hey all right there we go
simple sheep
no don't we sit don't take the chance of
back off get out of there
your position has been compromised
so where can I be of use to the team now
well it's something for the mini-map
anyone else down there I'm not sticking
when I was out killed me
but as we move over here there they go
yeah they come oh yeah trouble that's
developing over on this flank so uh yet
there they are
I'm gonna head out over the side and see
what help I can contribute to my heavy
tanks who are going psycho and that it's
not going to be like joining the head is
and exchanging frontal fire with is for
sis threes rates because that would just
be stupid so I'm gonna pop up up the
flank here and try and give covering
fire to the side well t-34 down there
yeah I know point that's gonna at me
I'll take a shot t32 and it's couple
more but I don't want to pop and I was
of an average of the two three four
I'll keep nosing forward trying to spot
it maybe I
we've got a team on tap going around do
you think forces coming in anyway
Tiffany - can I get
let's try
as it is I love and I have a little bit
too much fuckin eyes around the corner
zero my side seen on and eventually
about a fire nurse and being Spencer
that's fun
there's the pattern
to faithfuls our life site safety here
5432 faster let's get down here give
some flanking from support this t1 75
and catch these guys it fits me and it
works a quite well
- three yep penetrate you from the side
too little too late the safety will tear
- comes around corner I can hit it again
TK - starts to push it in wreck of the
t-34 sorry I'll use that as a cover
mr. schat's let's get the Lorraine I'm
not fast enough reversing their b75 gets
Lorraine Dyson oh by others only three
the month so yeah I'm not a game breaker
but I'm doing what I can
where I can and it's working out quite
so I've damaged quite a few
really good company it's lovely
penetration
and there's 254 second okay
it's thirsted for poor kids they've got
a t54 targeting left so let's see what
we can do about this chief is another
t54 no decent government doesn't do that
much damage so I can afford to take a
hit
our t54 that's one son so stealing
now he gets a bounce that never happens
Boyd's again and yeah I am the during
this kill its tier seven French tank
with paper mache fur armor and a tier 10
tier 9 game and we did all right I think
yeah I mean damaged a patent a nice
three Lorraine in the target to and
that's punching way above my weight
detected that kv-1s stopped his rushed
across in the brother fields and dingy
to kill on the t54 so you know do what a
lot hit a target nighttime respectable
amount of credits pretty good amount of
XP negligible repair costs
so yeah AMX m4 90 45 once again pretty
good tank I'm really starting to to like
this thing it's growing on me hope you
enjoyed the video see you again next
time